If I read it correctly first, 3d said five words before he died,
But the state of his death, and the head economy that was experimented with,
It's the same as after being beaten. What?
So, what to do?
You don’t have to come to see me anymore. What do you mean by throwing your eyes at me?
That's too much. Who cares about you?
No, then you are a big fool,
Dahuangzi, who!
Huangzi gives you some tips to prove your definition of knowledge,
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know!
I also have to be careful, you know, okay,
Know. Now Sanhuangzi is dead,
Wuhuangzi will definitely pay for his power,
Look at our affairs being verified by them
The wind will be in crisis in the future
just give it up
Because it affects our future situation
Don't worry, you're in love with me
An accident really happened
I don't think I can save him either